[SDK-5061] Add push received offering to subscribeToUpdates API and a new delegate method (#7450)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/push_notifications/integration.md

**Foreground push handling**

To display push notifications while the app is in the foreground and to enable Braze to recognize when they are received, implement `UNUserNotificationCenter.userNotificationCenter(_:willPresent:withCompletionHandler:)`.

```swift
func userNotificationCenter(
  _ center: UNUserNotificationCenter,
  willPresent notification: UNNotification,
  withCompletionHandler completionHandler: @escaping (UNNotificationPresentationOptions
) -> Void) {

>   AppDelegate.braze?.notifications.handleForegroundNotification(notification: notification)

Reviewer: Since these are samples, I wonder if it wouldn't hurt to add more descriptive comments:
```swift
  // Forward notification payload to Braze for processing.
  AppDelegate.braze?.notifications.handleForegroundNotification(notification: notification)

  // Configure application's foreground notification display options.
  if #available(iOS 14.0, *) {
    completionHandler([.list, .banner])
  } ... etc.
```

Reviewer 2: I like that idea @jerielng . would you be able to do this or someone on your team?

Reviewer: Looks like @jacksonemiller already added them! It was the two comments I had posted previously.

Reviewer 2: Oh nice. Then this one is officially g2g 💯

**Foreground push handling**

> To display push notifications while the app is in the foreground and to enable Braze to recognize when they are received, implement `userNotificationCenter:willPresentNotification:withCompletionHandler:`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display push notifications while the app is in the foreground and to notify Braze when they are received, implement `userNotificationCenter:willPresentNotification:withCompletionHandler:`.
```
